---
title: '[Updating] The Latest Paper about Synthetic Image Detection'
date: 2023-07-08
permalink: /posts/2023/07/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - Synthetic Image Detection
  - Paper Collection
  - Updating
---

This is a collection of papers on the topic of Synthetic Image Detection. I'll occasionally update the latest paper from academic websites (most of them from ArXive). For convenience, I'll give a brief introduction about each paper through fast reading. If you want to get the detail, please make a further step to it.

---
**[Exposing the Fake: Effective Diffusion-Generated Images Detection](https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.06272)**
--*University of Electronic Science and Technology of Chain, Drexel University*
This method is to caculate the error between the results of deterministic reverse-function(I was so puzzled with this) and denoising-function at each timestep. Through the charactorization brougt by so many timesteps, the differences between generated images and real images become significan comparing to the DIRE method.

**[GenImage: A Million-Scale Benchmark for Detecting AI-Generated Image](https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.08571)** 
——*Huawei Noah’s Ark Lab*
A new benchmark for generated image detection.

**[Detecting Images Generated by Deep Diffusion Models using their *Local Intrinsic Dimensionality*](https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.02347)**
——*Fraunhofer ITWM*
The method called local intrinsic dimensionality(LID) was used to characterize the difference of adversarial samples and natural samples.

**[AI-Generated Image Detection using a Cross-Attention Enhanced Dual-Stream Network](https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.07005)**
——*Guangdong Province Key Laboratory of Information Security Technology*
A dual-stream network consists of a residual stream and a content stream. These two streams could extract the feature of both high and low frequency. Besides, the cross-attention was concated to the dual-stream to enhance the information exchange.

**[HOW TO DETECT UNAUTHORIZED DATA USAGES IN TEXT-TO-IMAGE DIFFUSION MODELS](https://arxiv.org/abs/2307.03108)**
——*Rutgers University, Sony AI*
To protect the copyright from the images generated by unauthorized data, this paper proposed a method that adding unique and imperceptible contents on the image which could plant injected memorization into the diffusion model when trained on these modified data.

---
To be continued...
